# BaseBot_Obstacle_Course
# Course description and obstacle details. 
- Our course had 5 obstacle courses, each interacting with our basebot (Hannah). Our course goes in a zig zag line on a 4x4 tile floor. Our first obstacle was a ramp where we set our basebot on. The second obstacle was a bumpy terrian. Our third obstacle was just a simple bridge/ramp for him to go on. Our fourth obstacle  had shapes (more specifically cubes) that Hannah had to avoid. And the last obstacle was a wall that Hannah had to knock over and run over which then leads to him dragging a ball that Hannah has to drag all the way to the finish line. And that is the end of our course. 
# How your BaseBot interacts with each obstacle. 
- For the first obstacle course, Hannah interacts with it by going down the ramp which gives him acceleration for the second obstacle which he just has to go through. It does challenge our basebot a bit becasue of the bumpy terrian instead of the smooth, flat one. Once he gets through all that he turns and goes over a speed bump which which then goes to the shapes that he has to avoid in order to get past becasue if he does bump into one of the obstacles, it would hinder his movement. That was the third and fourth obstacle. The last obstacle is where he interacts with the most. He interacts with it by knocking a thin wall and running it over. Which then a ball shows upon him which he has to drag all the way to the (imaginary) finish line! And ta-da he's done it!!!!!
# How to run your Python script. 
- Download the repository onto your computer and extract the file. Make sure you have python installed on your computer. After you extract your files, go to the folder labelled "code" and open the file in your notepad. Copy the text and open VexCode in a browser. Paste the text in a text file and download it onto the brain of the robot.
# Reflection on what worked well and what challenges you faced. 
- What he worked well on was most of the basebot, and the obstacle course. He handlded those pretty quickly and sufficiently. We also worked well on most of our github repository, although there were a couple complications due to our work not saving. The things that we had a little trouble on was one what I talked about earlier, the complications on our repository since a big, important chunk of our work deleted. But we handled that well for the most part. We also had a little teeny-tiny amount of trouble on our basebot since we did some work wrong and had to re-do it a couple times. We also struggled a bit with communication since one of our team members are never here and they had no clue on what we were doing, but we figured things out at the end and they ended up doing a decent amount of work. But other than that a just a little amount of stress, we got our assignemnt done so YIPPEE!!! 
